Manager, my brother really needs money right now
Can you advance my salary for three months?
That's you right.
Then everyone is like you.
Isn't this embarrassing me?
But
If you are really short of money
No need manager
Okay, okay.
Look at you down
Like a dead child
Do you have time?
Or just wake him up
In case you are seen one day
Maybe
Ah-ha.
Ha ha.
Is the beautiful woman short of money?
If you are short of money, follow me
As long as you let me save
How much are you asking?
The master has satisfied you.
You are
Miss Lin
Hey, it seems that it was really arranged by God
Miss Li
Or we will have these fates
I finished something last time
How are you doing?
I'm kidding.
Since Mr. Lin has left
After all, the dead are the big ones
We don't care anymore
Have a drink with me
Come eat go
Hey, it's delicious, I'm right.
Eat well, what good days are there?
A beautiful woman doesn't want to drink
You won't force it.
Go
Face?